Hey, guys, what's up?
This is American, and I welcome you to another Dooralong discourse on Ruby.
And in this Durel, we are going to be covering two functions.
Again, the first function is going to be the to underscore s function and the second function is going
to be the entries functions.
So starting on with the first function, that is the two underscore s function.
So you already have word this to underscore s function.
And you know that this is basically used to convert something to a string.
But in this story, to be specific, we are going to see how to underscore as is going to be used with
ranges.
So it is a building method in Ruby that returns a string containing the given range.
So the syntax for it is very simple.
You just have to write in range and then you have to write in the name of the function and it accepts
no kind of parameter.
The second function we are going to be covering in this literal is the entries function, which is a
building method in Ruby that returns an array containing all the elements of the given range.
And if you talk about the syntax for this, it is going to be range dot entries and it also accepts
no kind of argument.
So if you just talk about the examples for this, so let's move on to our Ed.
So let's say we have a wrangel here that is from zero to nine, and what we want to do is that we want
to convert this range to string.
So we are going to just have a variable that's A.
S and we are going to write and range to underscore s.
And what that is going to do is that is going to convert our range into a string so you can just try
and put s run this code.
And it will run in a short while.
And as you can see, that you have got your range right over here, which is basically now a string.
The second function is the entries function.
So we are going to have a variable E and we are going to write in range DOT.
And trees, and as I told you, that what it is going to do is that it is going to return the entries
in the form of an area.
So just right inputs e around this code.
And as you can see, that you have got this set of elements which were a part of this range.
And basically this is now an area.
So that was about these two functions and a very simple way to how this can be used in code.
So I guess that's it with this tutorial.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next tutorial.